
1. Updated code with French values from a tool.
2. Verified and identified keys and values for various sections of ROE Main Screen in French.
3. Made code changes and unit tested for Excel downloads with French headers.
4. Conducted unit testing for download functionalities.
5. Continued updating code with French values.
6. Tested and identified remaining keys for French translation.
7. Uploaded keys and values for French translation in IDS tool.
8. Conducted code review and identified and fixed configuration issues.
9. Identified and fixed issues related to onboarding and date picker.
10. Tested fixes in local environment.
11. Completed unit testing for various ROE UI screens.
12. Fixed visibility issue for products in the demo.
13. Planned to address feedback and complete unit testing for ROE translation error messages next week.



give point vise briefly the below points to fill my standout for this week. 
this week i worked on the following tasks:
>Take Values in french from Tool and update the code 	
>Verify the following and Identify remaining keys and values for ROE Main Screen- Void Transactions Tab in french language 
>Verify the following and Identify remaining keys and values for ROE Main Screen- Void Transactions Tab -Voided -Settlement SlideIn in french language
>Verify the following and Identify remaining keys and values for ROE Main Screen- Void Transactions Tab -Filters in french language
>Code changes for Download Summary and Download Roe errors api for excel (for headers in French) and unit tested	
>unit testing for the Dowmload Summary and Download Roe errors for excel download 	
>Take Values in french from Tool and update the code 
>Verify the following and Identify remaining keys and values for ROE Main Screen- Roe Tab - InProgress - Summary  in french language 
>Verify the following and Identify remaining keys and values for ROE Main Screen- Roe Tab - InProgress - Summary Tab - Filters in french language 	
>Verify the following and Identify remaining keys and values for ROE Main Screen- Roe Tab - OnHold- Settlementerror SlideIn in french language
>Take Values in french from Tool and update the code	
>Testing /Identify remaining keys and values for French Translation﻿ (ROE Summary screen - Summary tab -  additional details slider)
>Verify the following and Identify remaining keys and values for ROE Main Screen- Roe Tab in french language 
>Verify the following and Identify remaining keys and values for ROE Main Screen- Roe Tab-Error Tab in french language 	
>Verify the following and Identify remaining keys and values for ROE Main Screen- Roe Tab - Error (0 emplyee count) - Settlementerror SlideIn in french language 	
Verify the following and Identify remaining keys and values for ROE Main Screen- Roe Tab - Completed with Exceptions in french Translation:
> Both summary Tab and Errors tab 
Verify the following and Identify remaining keys and values for ROE Main Screen- Roe Tab - Completed in french Translation:
> Only Summary Tab "	
>Upload keys and values in the IDS tool for French Translation﻿	and Take Values in french from Tool and update the code 	
Code Review for ROE UI translations (Pavan)		
>Identified issue in Configurations - on edit slider - products selected drop down, even after purchasing ROE and saving in the drop down it is visible - Analysis and fix 	
>Identified issue in Configurations - on edit slider - on selecting any service/ product it is not saved. - Analysis and fix	
>Identified issue in Onboarding - even if target Date is not selected - we are able to purchase the service -Analysis and fix	
>Identified issue in Onboarding - on edit not able to display Target Date Analysis (Date picker issue) 	
>Test in local env for the fixes given in English	
>Code Review for ROE UI translations, took feedback
>Complete Unit Testing ROE UI screens-
1.Roe main screen- Filters Roe Main Screen
2.ROE Main Screen- Roe Tab
3.ROE Main Screen- Roe Tab- Data Extraction slidein, Data Processed SlideIn
4.ROE Main Screen- Roe Tab-Error Tab
>In the demo, identified that products not visible in slider - fixed it and tested.
