Completed Testing Scenarios:

Saved Retry scenarios
Edited Retry scenarios
Rollback and delete scenarios
Fit Testing:

Successfully completed Fit testing
Bug Identification and Resolution:

Identified an issue during testing where adding an extension more than 3 digits and saving successfully, and then reopening for edit showed an invalid value of -2.
Provided a code fix to resolve this issue
API Confirmation:

Connected with Mahesh Bade and confirmed the APIs.
Raised tickets for IAT, PROD, and confirmed the addition of scopes.
Postman Testing:

Checked user preferences language APIs and token generation in Postman and confirmed they are working fine.
ROE Flow and Implementation:

Received session from Pavan on ROE flow.
Implemented changes from Bhupesh on my laptop for ROE French translations.
Attended knowledge transfer session on ROE UI screens by Nijit.
Data Loading and Analysis:

Understood ROE and checked data loading for the main screen.
Analyzed a reported issue by Navya (Save being enabled without work phone saved and usersetup-YES).
Provided a code fix and tested it locally, confirmed it was fit for the issue on saving.
Feedback Implementation:

Worked on feedback given by Rene to add a disclaimer saying "Used for 2-Factor Authentication" beside WorkMobile.
Upcoming Work:

Next week, you plan to continue working on the production issue and find the root cause.








Give pointwise elaborately and formally to fill my standout for this week. for the below
This week i have completed testing
> Save Retry scenarios 
> Edit Retry scenarios 
> Rollback and delete scenarios 
> Also completed Fit testing
> Identified issue while testing and gave Code fix for on edit, added extension more than 3 digits, saved succesfully again open for edit, it is showing in invalid -2
> Connected with Mahesh Bade and confirmed the APIs
Raised tickets for IAT, PROD. and confirmed They added the scopes.
> Checked through postman user preferences language apis token generation and confirmed they are working fine.
> Got session from Pavan on ROE flow	
> Took the changes from bhupesh and implemented in my laptop for the ROE french translations
> got knowledge transfer session on ROE UI screens by Nijit 
> Understanding  ROE and Checking Data loading for main screen
> Analyzed on the reported issue by Navya(Save being enabled without workphone saved and usersetup-YES) 
> Gave Code Fix and Tested in Local and Fit for issue on Saving
> wprked on the Feedback given by Rene to add disclaimer saying "Used for 2-Factor Authentication" beside workmobile
> Started Analysis on Production issue where Client user creation failed in Manage Users and tried to replicate in local env 
next week iam going to continue working on the production issue and find the root cause and also work on the ROE french translations task 
